everybody welcome to the bedhead vlog
I'm Chris thanks for stopping by and
thanks for those of you who've been
checking out channel Krista I can't
appreciate it today I want to talk to
you about the black and white cookie a
lot of you know it's pretty big cookie
it's about this big and most people are
familiar with that black and white
cookie but there's actually two sides as
the black and white cookie most people
are familiar with the big one but
there's also small one that's about you
know maybe this big and you're familiar
to familiar with it if you've shopped at
Sam's Club or price Club or where they
sell big quantities Club that's where
they sell that one and the two sizes
when one black and white cookies too big
and the other black and white cookie is
too small so what I'm looking for is a
medium sized black and white cookie if
you have any information please let me
know and I've been reading Big Sur by
Jack Kerouac and I've been kind of
inspired by the way he describes the
sounds of the sea and he kept trying to
figure out how to spell what the sea
sounds like it's kind of interesting and
it made me think that you know I spent
some time in a quiet area out in that
horse country and what that sounds like
and then coming into the city and
hearing the street sounds here and how
different cities and different places
sound different I thought it'd be
interesting if I just kind of went out
tried to write down what I thought New
York sounded like to me at that
particular time and it might be
interesting to hear what what some of
you think where you live or where you're
visiting or where you are where those
places sound like so I invite you to
write some stuff down and
reply here and I'd love to hear what you
think some of the things sound like it's
a lot of fun to kind of you hear a noise
but trying to figure out how to spell
that noise it's pretty interesting
anyway so I wrote a little bit last
night
it was most something like this it's 53
degrees the Big Apple Bank on West 72nd
Street has her a cat booms down Broadway
as a bus makes a high heat when the
driver engages and disengages something
then it's Shh and a hug and it's
interrupted by whoosh whoosh whoosh of
three taxis down Amsterdam gurgle bump
bump goes the late-night trash truck and
the ruff-ruff of the gear shifting
delivery man that later threw out a
short sound then behind me a honk more
of a beep and a high he he of the
overworked and overtaxed taxi brakes
bouncing over Broadway on 70th before my
wind cold fingers could jot it all down
a v8 suited sedan accelerated her
hurrying uptown then disappearing under
the record got a kick out of the luggage
wheels over the thick white crossing
lines of 71st Street that's just a
little taste of it you'd like to hear a
little bit more there's a expansion of
that on my blog today at channel Chris
calm and also you know I was up there
last night and I saw that only in
theaters May 30th is Sex in the City the
movie and then only in theaters and New
York Street corners on May 31st as sexes
of the city on the DVD and DVD as well a
pirated DVD but I thought to myself do
we really need
Sex in the City of the movie maybe we do
we'd probably do all right that's all I
got
later USA